
# 📅 2025-07-01 – PB Journal Entry

## 🧠 Energy & Mental Clarity
- **Sleep Quality (1–10):**  7
- **Morning Energy (1–10):**  8
- **Focus During Work/Study:**  3/8
- **Did I Fall Asleep Unintentionally?:**  yes, after eating rice krispy and Naan with Baba Ganoush - crashed hard like in and out for 3 hours
- **Brain Fog Moments / Triggers:** Really bad right after I got back from meeting with Karl. When i first got back i was good, felt great, felt good meeting with Karl in the morning then sat down to work and BAM I fought it off for  a bit but then i was nodding off and barely got work done.  But then later in the day around 6 focus and energy came back

## 💊 Methadone Taper
- **Daily Dose (mg):**  55
- **Physical Symptoms:**  stable
- **Mental/Emotional Symptoms:**  good shape, stable
- **Stable at This Level? (Y/N):** y

## 🧘 Spiritual Work
- **Did I Meditate/Pray?:**  meditated at 5am but slept throug most
- **Duration (min):**  55 min
- **Insight or Reflection:** lots of sleep

## 🏋️ Physical Routine
- **Exercise (Type + Duration):**  20 minute intense bike ride and walk with lady
- **Diet:**  
  - Sugar Intake: `Low/Moderate/High`  High in the morning
  - Carbs: `< 100g?`  125 or 130
- **Weight (optional):**  no  change
- **Hernia/Shoulder Notes:** no change

## 📈 Productivity & Focus
- **Today’s Goals:**  missed but made progress
- **Completed:**  none but made progress
- **Distractions / Triggers:**  sleepiness
- **Improvement Notes:** get the best night sleep

## 💰 Financial Moves
- **Income Activity (Job Apps, DAS, etc.):**  40 from Karl
- **Spending Summary:**  20 for kids down the street
- **Saved/Budgeted for Move/Teeth?:**n/a

## 📓 Notes & Wins
- **Highlight of the Day:**  Kevin O'Leary. Learn more about his approach, his ratio in investing, See journal,  his mom used indexed funds,  Change my relationship with my money and she invested 20% of her income but that was over 55 years. I am behind on time so I need to invest more and just watch the expenses. Never outspend yourself
- **Setback (If Any) & Lesson:**  sleepiness
- **Gratitude:**Gained good insite listening to Kevin O'Leary and my kids, lady, and just I know I am good. I am not where I will be in a year and that is good and just fine. The hardest is behind me. 
